fix(i18n): emit an error when the index isn't found (#9678)
withastro/astro: .changeset/proud-guests-bake.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Adds an error during the build phase incase `i18n.routing.prefixDefaultLocale` is set to `true` and the index page is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an error during the build phase in case `i18n.routing.prefixDefaultLocale` is set to `true` and the index page is missing.
```
